---
title: test blog 1
layout: post
author: thomas.walker
permalink: /test-blog-1/
source-id: 14YDF1zN7n7jFXerZz8soUt-UMexEb1P17NDP1hHxJi4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Test blog post</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I have changed the Github repository and changed some Css.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Successfully post a blog to my website.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered by when I was stuck on how to get onto Gabriel I tried lots of sensible ways on how to post it to our blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned myself when I was not sure what to submit to my blog.For example,by pressing Gabriel it submits my work to github,I wonder how that works?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I didn't ash anyone to help me when I was working because I wanted to work it out myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on how much time it must have taken programmers to just make every button on docs work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I started my work and I was determined to not stop until I had finished it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To understand what was going on more when I was doing the submitting of the docs page on to my blog on github but other than that I know that I focused well and eventually got the job done.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To try and figure out myself what was going on and try really hard until I’ve thought of everything I can and if I have still not figured it out then look it up on the internet and see if I can get the answer from there and then understand what it is saying.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


